Eat more.
My boyfriend is dead.
Really.
Ah, that's a shame.
The dead cannot rise again.
We have to look forward.
Find another one.
Uncle, I'm going to the airline for an interview.
It's okay not to date.
Which one do you like?
I'm not getting married anymore.
Why?
Fear of encountering unreliable players.
Then you marry my son.
My son is very special.
The surrounding female mosquitoes can't fly in.
Captain Ip is here.
The water record.
God, I've finally met my idol.
Four years ago, Captain Ye saved 125 lives.
Four years ago
Room 313 is calling Earth, requesting a malfunction.
313 took out his gun and asked to come back.
Please don't panic.
Just a little phone leak, don't panic.
The passengers.
I'm the captain of this flight, Ip Vinh Thien.
Please bend down and hug yourself and throw yourself between the two seats.
Please, the airline will take all passengers home safely.
Please believe us.
Captain Hero
I heard he's the biggest shareholder in Sunny Air.
I wish I could marry him.
You're not the only one who thinks so.
I want to get married too.
Lots of goddesses around.
Won't you let your daughter-in-law misunderstand him?